[DOCS] Clarify the frequency of config polling (#3799)
elastic/apm-agent-java: docs/configuration.asciidoc

[[config-central-config]]
==== `central_config` (added[1.8.0])

> When enabled, the agent will make periodic requests to the APM Server (every 5 minutes) to fetch updated configuration.

Reviewer: It's not 5 minutes. The logic is to check the "Cache-Control" header from the central config, and use the "max-age" value if set. If not set, then the 5 minute default is used. The cache control header max age from the central config looks like it is set to 30 seconds

Author: 🤦 Right - it was on the same file... https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-java/blob/9a12b98ee959abb4a596c823325d9c78d827724b/apm-agent-core/src/main/java/co/elastic/apm/agent/configuration/ApmServerConfigurationSource.java#L96

Author: I've proposed an update to the statement.

> When enabled, the agent will make periodic requests to the APM Server (every 5 minutes) to fetch updated configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
When enabled, the agent will make periodic requests to the APM Server to fetch updated configuration.
The frequency of the periodic request is driven by the `Cache-Control` header returned from APM Server/Integration, falling back to 5 minutes if not defined.
```

It would be good to link to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/current/apm-configure-agent-config.html#_apm_agent_configuration_options
